ToDo.md, before:


- when job is finish refresh project

- update doc:
    + github vs local storage
    + you can run CI on every push
    + you can schedule CI
    + notification
    + config file
>> instead to have a documentation outdated, we need to have as much information as possible directly in the website, with some tooltips section. (We maybe then even generate the doc base on this, and automatically generate screenshot?)

- need to make a big cleanup in crawler code

- support gitlab

- make snapshot on other browser:
    - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Headless_mode
    - https://dev.to/mizchi/run-crossbrowser-e2e-testing-on-github-actions-671
    - look at selenium

- publish action there https://github.com/sdras/awesome-actions


- **we could track the number of query per page and see if there is some changes...**



- antd breadcrumb https://ant.design/components/breadcrumb-cn/#components-breadcrumb-demo-router


- if crawl failed, in some case we could move back the url to crawl in the queue (or maybe too dangerous?)
- should keep log for each url: see why code didn't execute...
- need to handle error properly?




- html comparison -> prettify code and then compare. Do we really want that?


- track user behavior, save it in history and reproduce scenarios... (e2e?)


storybook
pattern http://localhost:9001/
module.exports = async function run(page, url, links) {
    return await page.evaluate(() => {
        // Array.from(document.body.getElementsByTagName("a"))
        //      .filter(a => !a.href)
        //      .forEach(a => a.click());
        // return Array.from(document.links).map(
        //     link => link.href.replace('/?path=/story/', '/iframe.html?id=')
        // );
    });
}
|
--->
        module.exports = async function run(page, url, links) {
            return links.map(
                link => link.replace('/?path=/story/', '/iframe.html?id=')
            );
        }

----->
const origin = (new URL(url)).origin;

Array.from(document.body.getElementsByTagName("a")).filter(a => !a.href).forEach(a => {
  if (a.nextSibling.nodeName === 'A') a.click()
});


const URL = require('url').URL;
module.exports = async function run(page, url, links) {
    const foundLinks = await page.evaluate(() => {
        Array.from(document.body.getElementsByTagName("a")).filter(a => !a.href).forEach(a => {
            if (a.nextSibling && a.nextSibling.nodeName === 'A') a.click()
        });
        return Array.from(document.links).map(
            link => link.href.replace('/?path=/story/', '/iframe.html?id=')
        );
    });
    const origin = (new URL(url)).origin;
    return foundLinks.filter(link => link.href.indexOf(origin) !== -1);
}


const URL = require('url').URL;
module.exports = async function run(page, url, links) {
    return await page.evaluate((url) => {
        const origin = (new URL(url)).origin;
        Array.from(document.body.getElementsByTagName("a")).filter(a => !a.href).forEach(a => {
            if (a.nextSibling && a.nextSibling.nodeName === 'A') a.click()
        });
        return Array.from(document.links).filter(link => link.href && link.href.indexOf(origin) !== -1).map(
            link => link.href.replace('/?path=/story/', '/iframe.html?id=')
        );
    }, url);
}



// module.exports = async function run(page, url, links) {
//     return links.map(
//        (link) => link.replace('/?path=/story/', '/iframe.html?id=')
//    );
//}




- - export * from './Image';

- inject code base on url pattern
    - update doc
    - display related pins base on pattern
    - (code history?)

- code preview
    - code preview till specific line

- use html diff to improve visual comparison. automatically remove elements that changed and make screenshot, isolate element that change and make screenshot of them.
    - if we have possibility to reuse original page, with all CSS and so on -> then we can remove element as well on original page, so we can know from with height position page changed

- when limit selected, allow random page (shuffle, if limit is 2 instead to always pick up the first 2 pages, pick randomly eg. page 10 and page 22)
    - or maybe do something with code injection
    -> extract urls from beginning and pass them to code injection

- use single input for search and filtering
        https://2x.ant.design/components/select/#components-select-demo-select-users

- Url to crawl base on pattern

- when page was automatically pined, show info

- page detail

- plugin system

- think about AI!! random click?
    --> instead of random, track user behavior, save it in history and reproduce scenarios...


toggle on/off `runProcess` from settings, set timeout from settings...
```tsx
if (runProcess) {
    exec(`PROCESS_TIMEOUT=60 test-crawler-cli 2> ${this.getLogFile()} &`);
}
```

- ctrl-s save code https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-hotkeys

- ~~improve test-crawler bash > maybe switch to JS~~




- diff images with different height algorithm

- HTML diff -> uglify HTML + linux diff (or diff lib)

- SSR version for react components?

- serverLess version using only github and travis (when loading the ui, github credential would be asked to get the a github token, then data would be saved by pushing commit to github)

### Test-crawler-input

- (form) input random value in field, submit and save result. Do this several time with different values, and saves everything. Re-do with the same value and check if there is the same result. If result change, trigger warning...
    - might give the possibility to reconize filed type
        - email
        - numeric
        - password
        - ...

### Test-crawler-search

- search input test, enter random text... save result, compare... but for generating the search might use the data in the result...
    - actually easier than form testing

Commit message:

loadCrawlers result when CI finished

ToDo.md, after:


- update doc:
    + github vs local storage
    + you can run CI on every push
    + you can schedule CI
    + notification
    + config file
>> instead to have a documentation outdated, we need to have as much information as possible directly in the website, with some tooltips section. (We maybe then even generate the doc base on this, and automatically generate screenshot?)

- use react router state to pass data to child component, use hook to load this data

- improve naming with all those crawlers, job, run, project...

- need to make a big cleanup in crawler code

- support gitlab

- make snapshot on other browser:
    - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Headless_mode
    - https://dev.to/mizchi/run-crossbrowser-e2e-testing-on-github-actions-671
    - look at selenium

- publish action there https://github.com/sdras/awesome-actions


- **we could track the number of query per page and see if there is some changes...**


- run test-crawler in docker?


- antd breadcrumb https://ant.design/components/breadcrumb-cn/#components-breadcrumb-demo-router


- if crawl failed, in some case we could move back the url to crawl in the queue (or maybe too dangerous?)
- should keep log for each url: see why code didn't execute...
- need to handle error properly?




- html comparison -> prettify code and then compare. Do we really want that?


- track user behavior, save it in history and reproduce scenarios... (e2e?)


storybook
pattern http://localhost:9001/
module.exports = async function run(page, url, links) {
    return await page.evaluate(() => {
        // Array.from(document.body.getElementsByTagName("a"))
        //      .filter(a => !a.href)
        //      .forEach(a => a.click());
        // return Array.from(document.links).map(
        //     link => link.href.replace('/?path=/story/', '/iframe.html?id=')
        // );
    });
}
|
--->
        module.exports = async function run(page, url, links) {
            return links.map(
                link => link.replace('/?path=/story/', '/iframe.html?id=')
            );
        }

----->
const origin = (new URL(url)).origin;

Array.from(document.body.getElementsByTagName("a")).filter(a => !a.href).forEach(a => {
  if (a.nextSibling.nodeName === 'A') a.click()
});


const URL = require('url').URL;
module.exports = async function run(page, url, links) {
    const foundLinks = await page.evaluate(() => {
        Array.from(document.body.getElementsByTagName("a")).filter(a => !a.href).forEach(a => {
            if (a.nextSibling && a.nextSibling.nodeName === 'A') a.click()
        });
        return Array.from(document.links).map(
            link => link.href.replace('/?path=/story/', '/iframe.html?id=')
        );
    });
    const origin = (new URL(url)).origin;
    return foundLinks.filter(link => link.href.indexOf(origin) !== -1);
}


const URL = require('url').URL;
module.exports = async function run(page, url, links) {
    return await page.evaluate((url) => {
        const origin = (new URL(url)).origin;
        Array.from(document.body.getElementsByTagName("a")).filter(a => !a.href).forEach(a => {
            if (a.nextSibling && a.nextSibling.nodeName === 'A') a.click()
        });
        return Array.from(document.links).filter(link => link.href && link.href.indexOf(origin) !== -1).map(
            link => link.href.replace('/?path=/story/', '/iframe.html?id=')
        );
    }, url);
}



// module.exports = async function run(page, url, links) {
//     return links.map(
//        (link) => link.replace('/?path=/story/', '/iframe.html?id=')
//    );
//}




- - export * from './Image';

- inject code base on url pattern
    - update doc
    - display related pins base on pattern
    - (code history?)

- code preview
    - code preview till specific line

- use html diff to improve visual comparison. automatically remove elements that changed and make screenshot, isolate element that change and make screenshot of them.
    - if we have possibility to reuse original page, with all CSS and so on -> then we can remove element as well on original page, so we can know from with height position page changed

- when limit selected, allow random page (shuffle, if limit is 2 instead to always pick up the first 2 pages, pick randomly eg. page 10 and page 22)
    - or maybe do something with code injection
    -> extract urls from beginning and pass them to code injection

- use single input for search and filtering
        https://2x.ant.design/components/select/#components-select-demo-select-users

- Url to crawl base on pattern

- when page was automatically pined, show info

- page detail

- plugin system

- think about AI!! random click?
    --> instead of random, track user behavior, save it in history and reproduce scenarios...


toggle on/off `runProcess` from settings, set timeout from settings...
```tsx
if (runProcess) {
    exec(`PROCESS_TIMEOUT=60 test-crawler-cli 2> ${this.getLogFile()} &`);
}
```

- ctrl-s save code https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-hotkeys

- ~~improve test-crawler bash > maybe switch to JS~~




- diff images with different height algorithm

- HTML diff -> uglify HTML + linux diff (or diff lib)

- SSR version for react components?

- serverLess version using only github and travis (when loading the ui, github credential would be asked to get the a github token, then data would be saved by pushing commit to github)

### Test-crawler-input

- (form) input random value in field, submit and save result. Do this several time with different values, and saves everything. Re-do with the same value and check if there is the same result. If result change, trigger warning...
    - might give the possibility to reconize filed type
        - email
        - numeric
        - password
        - ...

### Test-crawler-search

- search input test, enter random text... save result, compare... but for generating the search might use the data in the result...
    - actually easier than form testing
